In the past it's also been kind of a pain to take an object that is very similar to an array and just
converted into an array.
For example if I do like let's say a function here and we'll just call it foo and we'll call an Soldat
log the builtin arguments object right here and then we'll just pass and some arguments like string
one string to like so and then after that you'll see that we get this re looking object right here and
arguments really is similar.
It uses numeric indices and then it has a value associated with each numeric into C and it has a length
property but technically speaking it is still an object.
So in order to convert this into an array to work with it as if it were an array we'd have to do something
like this for example function.
Convert to or turn into array like so and then we'll take a ray Well B.J. as an argument and then inside
of here what someone would typically do is something like a radar prototype slice call it with the RBJ
or do slice and then call with the RBJ like so and this works pretty well because we're using call to
set the value of this equal to the array like object and all splice really needs to work correctly is
some numeric indices and length properties so this would work pretty well with array like objects but
overall it's still kind of a lot of work to do what should be a relatively simple operation.
So what you can do instead now is to do this you can do array array dot from and then put in your array
like object right here and then I'm going to store the values you Konst array equals this.
And so what we'll do now is cancelled out log if I can get it.
Consider a log type of array and I'm going to move this below because well it's going to be in the TTC.
So in that case I'll pop it down and then we'll do type of arguments like so and you can see it says
Object object right here.
But really this is going to be an array and you can see that if I canceled it because arrays still technically
are objects but in this case you can see it has all of this different functionality right here.
But this is a pure array.